Elective Courses/Chinese Path to Modernization/README.md, before:

# Chinese Path to Modernization 

This course is an elective course accounting for 2 credits and 32 course hours. 

30% Group Presentation (Guo Laoshi) & 70% Final Exam (Zhang Laoshi) 

The course has several organised trips to companies and fields. 

# About the Teachers

The course is taught by two teachers Guo Laoshi and Zhang Laoshi. Generally, Guo Laoshi will teach the course from more practical side while Zhang Laoshi's teachings will be from more theoritcal side. 

As they are School of Mangement professors, there will be an opportunities to further practice in Research Competitions through their course by getting to know them. 

## Tips 

Pay careful attention to the slides because the Final Exam content will be entirely from the slides. Facts & figures will be very common in the questions. 

Take the chance to participate in the Research Competitions as they will not only give you valuable experience but also because participation and award in those type of competitions are regarded highly in China. 

Yalalt Notes: https://deserted-face-a72.notion.site/Chinese-path-to-modernization-10ec8748d4b1803399c1cf0fa8e450fe?pvs=74

Commit message:

Revise course assessment and participation guidelines
Updated grading distribution and added participation notes.

Elective Courses/Chinese Path to Modernization/README.md, after:

# Chinese Path to Modernization 

This course is an elective course accounting for 2 credits and 32 course hours. 

50% Group Presentation (Guo Laoshi) & 50% Report essay (Zhang Laoshi) 

The course has several organised trips to companies and fields. 

# About the Teachers

The course is taught by two teachers Guo Laoshi and Zhang Laoshi. Generally, Guo Laoshi will teach the course from more practical side while Zhang Laoshi's teachings will be from more theoritcal side. 

As they are School of Mangement professors, there will be an opportunities to further practice in Research Competitions through their course by getting to know them. 

## Tips 

Pay careful attention to the slides & Take notes. Zhang Laoshi will give you extra points if you send your notes together with the repport. And participate in class! Mr Zhang said to insert our picture with report so he values participation too.

Take the chance to participate in the Research Competitions as they will not only give you valuable experience but also because participation and award in those type of competitions are regarded highly in China. 

Yalalt Notes: https://deserted-face-a72.notion.site/Chinese-path-to-modernization-10ec8748d4b1803399c1cf0fa8e450fe?pvs=74
